Okay, can't promise them that the master will give it to him, okay?
Satisfied in advance
Reduction knife
Such a rich aura
It's really demystifying and daring.
Haha, I have it too.
Sign now
It's useless for you to eat.
And magic weapon
It's all the best acrobatics
It's sent now.
I really want to send it.
Hahahaha
You can hit us hard because of these magic weapons
Yang Fan, I see you lost these elixir magic weapons
How to fight against us
He must be allowed to cultivate at his own expense
Only he became a waste
Can we be at ease?
Yes, let him become a waste
I want him to kneel down for me now
Pardon me?
I said I asked you to kneel for me
Didn't you just say you want me to kneel for you?
Now I ask you to kneel for me
And drink three buckets and you're courting death